docs [bestpractices/common suggestions]: small typo nit (#5352)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: website/content/en/docs/best-practices/common-recommendation.md

- Ensure that you checked the [Can I customize the projects initialized with operator-sdk?][faq] and understand the [Project Layout][project-layout] before starting to do your customizations as please you on top.
- Optimize manager resource values in `config/manager/manager.yaml` according to project requirements. It is recommended to define resources limits in order to follow good practices and for security reasons. More info: [Managing Resources for Containers][k8s-manage-resources] and [Docker Security Cheat Sheet][docker-cheats].
- Look for `TODO(user)` in the source code generated by the CLI to ensure that you follow all suggested customizations.

> - If you will to integrate your project with OLM then, also check its [Best Practices][olm-best-practices] section.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
- If you wish to integrate your project with OLM, you can also check its [Best Practices][olm-best-practices] section.
```
